It happens without warning.
It’s like an accident,...
...but it’s natural.
At the beginning, you get to know him, and then you adapt.
At first, I only spoke to him at home...
...and afterwards I began speaking to him on the street.
It’s a bit like having a beauty spot on your buttocks.
Some things you just don’t talk about; you keep them to yourself.
There are depressed monsters, but mine is OK.
The glances of others are disturbing.
But when you know that everyone has a monster,...
...you don’t see things in the same way and that’s good...
...because that unconsciously creates connections.
A little smile in the metro.
Some people don’t smile. They are the ones with depressed monsters.
Anyway, you should know that it’s not painful.
The monster has laughing fit.
He had one that lasted three days.
He didn’t drink, he didn’t eat,...
...it was nothing but laugh.
It was a moment of tenderness.
After he had tried to strangle me, but it doesn’t matter.
It's normal, it is his nature.
Even so, it’s quite an intimate relationship.
You can’t just say everything.